---
layout: page
title: MVP
description: Postdoc project at UTK
img: assets/img/project/mvp_cover.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
related_publications: true
---

Mathematizing, Visualizing, and Power (MVP): Appalachian Youth Becoming Data Artists for Community Learning is a three-year NSF-funded research project (NSF Award Number: 2215004) that focuses on community-centered data exploration catalyzed by youth. The project develops statistical artistry among young people in East Tennessee Appalachian communities and enables these youth to share their data visualizations with their communities to foster collective reflection and understanding. The creative work generated by the MVP project will be compelling in two ways, both as statistical art and as powerful statements giving voice to the experience of communities.

The MVP project had four cycles from Spring 2023 to Summer 2024. I joined this project in the beginning of Cycle 2. My primary roles are 1) leading the on-site data collection (Cycle 2 and Cycle 3 HS site), 2) leading the data processing team, 3) leading the research on three aspects (youth data science learning, youth data-art connections, and data science for social good), and 4) results dissemination. I've led a journal article that explores youth's data-art connections and has been accepted to Journal of Science Education and Technology {% cite Zhao2024-lb %}

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/1.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/3.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images, even citations {% cite einstein1950meaning %}.
Say you wanted to write a bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, _bled_ for your project, and then... you reveal its glory in the next row of images.

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>

The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:

{% raw %}

```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
  <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
</div>
```

{% endraw %}
